Add the column db_type to database sheet (#466)
nf-core/taxprofiler: CHANGELOG.md

### `Added`

- [#417](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/417) - Added reference-free metagenome estimation with Nonpareil (added by @jfy133)

> - [#466](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/466) The new column `db_type` has been added to the database sheet to differentiate between long-read and short-read parameters in databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#466](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/466) - Input database sheets now require a `db_type` column to distinguish between short- and long-read databases
```
